[static]
[ominous music]
[video game fighting]
[mom] We'll be back by 11.
[footsteps up the stairs]
Just a half hour. okay? Okay?
- Yeah. yeah. Okay.
- Anna. please keep an eye on your brother.
You guys just ruined my weekend.
[dad] You can't party all the time. Anna.
[electronic signal]
[dad] This is your big night. Sophie.
Let's go.
[static]
[ominous music]
[muffled game sounds]
[menacing wind]
[sinister growling voice]
[static]
[fuse blows]
[ominous silence]
Anna. was that you?
[howling wind]
[metallic clatter]
[electronic beeping]
[boy breathing heavily]
[door unlocks]
[gust of wind]
Anna?
[muffled screams]
[moaning. objects hitting floor]
[muffled growling]
[screams and growling]
[sounds of a struggle]
[loud banging]
[growl and metal clang]
Open your mouth.
- I told you to open your mouth!
- Stop. Anna. no!
It's here.
[whimpers]
Finn. it wants us.
Come on. Go!
But Dad said we shouldn't go outside.
- [Finn] Anna. wait!
- We can't let it get us!
Anna!
[low growling]
- It's coming for us.
- [Anna] Get in the car!
Now!
[screeching tires]
You saw it too. right? Finn. it is real!
[sniffs]
But I'm not letting it get us.
It's not getting us.
[Anna hums a melody]
Come on. sing along.
Dad says singing helps when you're scared.
[both hum melody]
[Anna gasps. brakes squeal]
[Finn breathes heavily]
- Anna! What…?
- Get out!
- No! Let me go!
- Get out. Hurry!
- Come to the edge!
- No!
- Let's go. Come here.
- It won't get us here. Finn!
- [growling]
Come. Come here. Finn!
I'm really sorry.
- Let go.
- No!
You must let go now.
- Let go of me!
- Let go!
[scream]
[Finn pants]
[ominous drums and music]
[music fades out]
- [rescuer 1] Looks like 100 feet high.
- [rescuer 2] Okay.
[clanging]
[indistinct voice on radio]
[medic 1] Here. This will keep you warm.
[Finn hums same melody as before]
POLICE
[breathes heavily]
- [mom] No! Let me through.
- [rescuer 3] Calm down. ma'am.
You have to let me…
[dad calls] Finn?
Finn?
Are you okay? Hey. are you?
Are you hurt? Are you bleeding?
Finn. are you hurt?
Say something!
Hey! Are… Are you bleeding?
Oh God.
[rescuer 4] We've found her!
[rescuer 5] We've found her.
[ominous drone]
[heavy breathing]
[muffled sobbing]
FIRE SERVICE
[mom wails]
[loud scream]
[groans]
[machines beep]
Are you okay?
I've noticed that today. we've got pretty
high swings in the beta waves.
Last time we did way better.
What are you saying?
I think that the trauma
has left consequential damage
in a section of your brain.
[doctor gets up]
You don't believe me. I know.
but there was something
behind us that night.
Well. I believe you think that's true.
But what I actually believe is that this
"sinister pursuer" is protecting you
from having to deal
with your own feelings of guilt.
Can I please just have my pills now?
We're not done yet. Finn.
[doctor] Stress at school?
It's okay. actually.
[switch]
You belong to a privileged generation.
Don't forget that.
Listen.
your performance has dropped by 15%
in comparison with your last check-up.
Please don't tell my parents. doctor.
You know that I have to do it.
Be thankful that they care about you.
[mom] Hello.
[doctor] And speaking of the devil…
I'm sorry for being late.
Forgive me. It's one of those days.
Is everything okay. honey?
These should help.
Would you mind going downstairs
to the waiting room with your twin sister?
We have things to talk about.
- Hey.
- So?
Again. I've got new pills.
It's your turn.
[she scoffs]
- I'll be waiting outside.
- Yeah.
- Have fun.
- Thank you.
[upbeat music]
Ramin!
Hey. Hi.
Wow. don't be shy in front of me!
Come on. you'll get one too. Come on.
Stop it.
[dreamy melody]
Hey.
Hey. beautiful.
She was speaking to me.
Yeah. congrats. you might be right.
[growls in frustration]
Listen. only six months to prom. my man.
- If you don't talk to her. I might…
- Yeah. stop it.
- It's okay.
- I'm the better catch.
Hey. what up. Bergmann?
Hey. Samira!
You're coming tonight. right? I sent
the location to the group chat earlier.
Come on. let's run away.
just for one night.
Break free
from this "happy land" bullshit.
- Experience the real world with me.
- Bye. Leander.
Before you start begging. forget it.
The party motto
is "weirdos and lesbians not allowed."
Oh. really?
I thought the motto was
"the host only has three brain cells."
- [Leander] Hey. Marim!
- [Marim] What's up. man?
[teacher] The ophiocordyceps unilateralis
is a parasitic fungal species
that reproduces
in a highly specialized way.
The fungus
takes over and controls the host's body.
migrates to the brain.
and manipulates the insect
so it doesn't control its own body
but instead serves as a mere tool
for the fungus.
Fuck. Zombie ants.
[laughter]
[teacher] Yes. Leander.
you can see it that way.
Finni. your cellphone. now.
[teacher] Now.
who here can tell me what hyphae are?
[girl] Thread cells of a fungus mycelium.
Exactly.
The fungus grows out of the animal's head.
and then it forms new spores.
So…
Now. moving forward. let's all take a look
at the asexual and sexual reproduction
of the amazing fungi kingdom.
Mushroom sex? That's my specialty.
[girl] That's all he thinks about.
Stop that!
[teacher] We all know that the fungi
reproduce mainly by forming spores.
[Finn] "CUL. GLG"?
[teacher] Here. pass this around.
"See you later. Good luck gorgeous."
[Lena chuckles]
I guess you owe me. bitch.
[teacher] This is all relevant
for your final exam.
SCHOOL PARTY
- I thought you weren't coming. princess.
- I had to sneak out.
- A backpack. Lena?
- I brought a surprise.
I think it's time for a revolution.
Party!
[loud techno music]
[both moan]
[Sophie groans]
[Leander] Nice! [laughs]
Man. fuck off. Leander!
It's better than fucking. I swear.
[Sophie] Asshole.
[techno music continues]
[music stops]
[screams and whistling]
Hey. put the music back on!
Hey. Leander.
So you didn't want lesbians at your party?
Sorry. baby. This is for you.
[loud bang]
[cheering]
Girl power! Free your pussy!
Love is love!
[music restarts]
- What are you gonna pick. baby?
- You seriously gonna take that?
I. Love. You.
So… Sophie!
Come on. let's go dance. [giggles]
All yours.
So? Do you think Samira likes women?
If you're not gonna make a move tonight.
then…
I think I'll do it.
Lena…
[Leander] What's up. weirdo?
You need a fix? You have to loosen up.
Man. YOLO. you know?
[cheering]
[music turns discordant]
[strange whirring]
[scream]
[growling]
Do you feel sick?
[Finn] Uh huh.
[Mrs. Bergmann] Do you have a headache?
Why are you doing this to your body.
honey? Hm?
[Mr. Bergmann] Why didn't you tell us
you were going to the party?
Isn't that what we agreed on?
- I didn't want to wake you.
- [Mr. Bergmann] Next time you do. okay?
Okay?
Yeah.
And where's Sophie?
I didn't hear her coming in.
[Mrs. Bergmann] I thought she was supposed
to babysit for the neighbors.
She's with Ramin. downtown. Breakfast.
[Mrs. Bergmann]
Is this something serious now?
Have you talked with Dr. Steinke
about your insomnia yet?
I found your awful drawings. Finn.
Don't forget we're here
if you want to talk about it.
Listen. I'm fine. okay?
So when are you going?
Going where?
To see your grandfather.
His operation is coming up.
God. I'm sorry. I forgot.
Take my car.
Thanks.
- Hey.
- Finn!
Here.
[muffled muzak in background]
Hm…
You're my life-saver!
How are you?
Fabulous. I pee into a bag.
use a tube to breathe…
Tell me. how's school?
Um… School's fine. It's great.
Hm… What about pretty Samira?
Um…
We… we were together last night.
at a party.
Ah. it's no surprise
girls fall right at the feet
of a good-looking man like you.
right. son?
Um. may I get you anything?
Finn?
Yeah?
I know this isn't really your thing.
son. but…
[gasps for air]
…can you say a prayer for me?
So that you and I
can spend a little more time together?
I'll do it.
And I'll be by your side.
[low growling]
[ominous squelching. long exhale]
[long breath]
[ominous moan]
[long exhale]
[moan]
[labored breath]
[bang]
[labored breathing]
[machines beep]
[lapping water]
[children humming same tune as before]
You're in great shape today.
You too. my love.
Do we have news from the hospital?
Who knows how much longer he has left.
[Mrs. Bergmann]
What if Finn isn't ready yet?
Dr. Steinke is worried too.
This is way too much for him.
He's stronger than Anna.
Sophie is too.
I do not want Sophie
to have sex with that Ramin. you know?
Stop worrying. my love.
You'll see…
They're both gonna be fine.
We did a good job with them.
[Mrs. Bergmann] That's what we thought
about Anna. remember?
[ominous music]
[chokes]
[coughs and retches]
[phone buzzes]
LENA: ARE YOU MAD AT ME?
[chuckles]
VIDEO CALL FROM LENA
Hey. man. I wasn't making out
with Samira. FYI.
That was all in your mind.
Yeah. You think I'm crazy.
like my parents.
They're afraid
I might end up just like my sister.
Sophie?
Anna.
Oh.
Hey. just chill out.
I've always got your back.
Hm? Now sleep tight.
You too.
[phone beeps]
[muffled voices]
[woman. muffled] And she's all yours.
[sinister tune]
[distorted choral chanting]
What the fuck?!
Oh. really pretty.
[tearing]
[faint growling]
[man. muffled]
Look at her beautiful young body.
She belongs to you.
[loud growl and hiss]
[Dr. Steinke] Finn?
Finn!
He'll be fine. He suffered
a slight concussion from the fall.
Besides that. there's no need to worry.
You scared the hell out of us. son.
[groans]
I'm sorry.
We found you laid out on the terrace.
you fool.
I thought the sleepwalking thing
was over for good.
[Finn groans]
Did you have guests last night?
What guests? In the middle of the night?
Yeah. I saw them here.
A woman in a wheelchair and naked.
Sophie was here too.
She was… she was. like. drugged.
What are you even talking about. dude?
- Sophie!
- [Sophie] What the hell's going on?
[Finn] Sophie… Hey.
You all think I'm crazy.
Finn…
What was he going to do with this?
[Sophie moans. muffled]
[Sophie whimpers]
Sophie?
[Finn knocks]
Hey.
Sophie. are you okay?
Sophie…
Sophie!
[screaming and growling]
Can't you knock?
Now fuck off!
- I thought…
- Finn! Out!
Finn? What's happening here?
- I think he's completely nuts.
- [Finn] There was…
Finn. come on.
Are you okay. baby?
Yeah. I just feel kind of sick.
- Shall I call the school?
- No. It's all good.
- You sure?
- Yeah.
Lena. it wasn't a dream.
It was just too real for me.
- Like with Samira and me?
- Sophie's 18.
Hell. yeah. legal. So?
Anna was 18 too.
And I'm afraid that something
might happen. and I'll be to blame.
- Oh. Finni.
- [Ramin] Sophie. wait. Sophie!
[Sophie] I told you to leave me alone.
Ramin!
- Hey. come on.
- Stop it. Don't you ever touch me again!
Sophie?
[whistle]
[coach] Right. girls. run around.
A few tips…
I have no idea what's wrong with her.
Maybe
she's having side-effects
because of her new pills.
I don't know. dude.
[coach] Come on. Sophie! Try harder.
Use your full strength.
[Lena] What…?
[Sophie groans]
Sophie?
[Finn] Sophie! Sophie!
Hey! Sophie!
Go get a doctor!
Hurry!
[Mrs. Bergmann] Please. honey.
Dr. Steinke said you should stay in bed.
I'm not in any pain. So stop worrying.
[doorbell chimes]
I'll get it.
Who is it?
Ra… Ramin is outside.
He has to leave. Just tell him
whatever you like. I don't really care.
Okay.
- Hey.
I have to see Sophie.
Listen. I… She can't see you right now.
I already texted her.
- There's something I need to tell her.
- Ramin… She doesn't want to see you.
Sophie!
Can we talk. please?
It's important!
Ramin. Nice to see you.
- Oh.
- What's going on?
Hi. Mrs. Bergmann. I'm really concerned.
Concerned?
Yes. I must speak to Sophie. please.
That party seemed to have gotten
a little bit out of hand.
- Please give my daughter some space. okay?
- Um… But…
- I'll let her know that you stopped by.
- Okay… Um…
You don't want him to come back here.
I assume?
[faint humming of the same melody]
[static]
[sharp exhale]
[rustling. snarling]
Hello?
[bang]
What are you doing here?
I was… I wanted to watch over you.
Have you totally lost it?
You don't remember now. Sophie. but I'm
sure I saw really weird shit last night.
Okay? I…
Your mouth was bleeding. It was like…
Like what…? Anna?
Finn. I think
you're going completely crazy.
I had a nosebleed. It happens sometimes.
Just stop doing this. I'm fine.
And what about Ramin?
You were fine two days ago.
I don't want to hear it.
It's none of your business.
Please. Sophie.
I'm just scared for you. okay?
And I can tell
that you're not feeling well. okay?
Is that why you're in my room in the
middle of the night with a baseball bat?
Finn?
You're freaking me out.
[phone buzzes]
RAMIN: WE NEED TO MEET! RIGHT NOW!
RAMIN: YOU'RE IN DANGER!
YOU AND SOPHIE! COME NOW!
[busy signal]
RAMIN: AT THE DINER!
[radio music]
[static]
[footsteps]
RAMIN: WHERE ARE YOU???
[Sophie's voice] Ramin?
Ramin?
[mechanical whirring]
[choking. moaning]
[woman gasps]
[woman chokes]
Are you okay?
Hello?
[growl]
[ominous squelching]
[creature screams]
[growl]
[wind howling]
[ominous drums and music]
[radio starts up to play same song]
[dial tone]
[phone buzzes]
Hey. this is Ramin's voicemail.
You know the drill.
[machine whirrs to life]
Ramin?
[high pitched noise getting louder]
[growling]
POLICE
Finn. What happened?
- I was--
- [cop] We're assuming it was suicide.
Bullshit. I just told you.
Ramin was supposed to meet me here.
He might have just wanted
to be found by you.
Have you even looked? How can anybody
kill themselves like that?
- With drugs.
- Drugs?
Yeah. You kids take all that Czech shit.
and then you just go insane.
Ramin texted me. okay?
CHAT IS EMPTY.
ALL MESSAGES AND CALLS DELETED.
What is it?
They're all…
They've been deleted.
His… his texts are missing.
You better go home. kid.
We'll be in touch.
Here's a number
for our counselling service.
Come on.
I just don't get it. I mean…
Finn. you can't run away in the middle
of the night. It's irresponsible.
How are we supposed to help you?
Jeez. my boy.
I'm sorry.
It wasn't suicide. okay?
Ramin tried to warn me about something.
- Finn…
- But Dad. please!
Someone else was here.
You have to believe me.
This is good. Inspector Gerber.
He'll listen to you. Come on.
A shadow? Like an animal?
No. not like that.
It was bigger than that.
I have no idea what it is.
But I know this is a murder case. okay?
Son. I talked to his parents.
They said that Ramin felt like
he never really fit in at school.
He was there because of the scholarship.
And then the thing with Sophie… We've read
their messages. They broke up today.
That is complete bullshit! Why would
someone strangle themselves with a cable?
Drugs.
Ramin never used anything.
He didn't even drink!
I know all about your "secret" parties.
And that Leander is involved.
But I'll bring him back in line.
Are drugs the only thing
you can come up with?
You have no clue
about all the things we deal with.
Finn has nothing to do with drugs.
What kind of cops are you?
Is this Homicide or the traffic police?
So you want to talk about murder. right?
Fine.
I've been sent
the security camera footage.
And the car wash footage?
There are no cameras.
Then why are you showing me this?
You'll see. There were only three people
apart from the pump attendant. The victim.
an older woman
who hardly has the strength to hurt a fly
and…
Ta-da! You.
This is absurd. Lars.
Is it. really?
Okay.
Why don't you wait for me outside. son?
The trunk is clear for your bike.
[keys jangle]
[Mr. Bergmann] You won't have
any trouble now. son.
Let's go home. Finn.
We have to figure out how to tell Sophie.
It's my fault.
He'd been acting strange these days. And…
Shush. Get some rest.
You said strange. What do you mean?
He texted me we were in danger.
Did he tell you anything?
Finn. that's enough for today.
Mom. this is important.
Something scared Ramin. and now I'm…
- I know that I saw something.
- Okay. enough of your weird stories!
- You're making things worse. Stop it.
- I've… You don't understand!
You're right. I don't.
I really don't understand all of this.
You came into Sophie's room in the middle
of the night with this baseball bat.
What is wrong with you. Finn?
Hey. hey. Calm down. everybody.
It was a terrible night.
Finn. come on.
Let's leave them alone.
What the hell is that?
Fuck.
Finn…
What did you want me to see?
Man. that's gross.
- What is it?
- I don't know. but it's growing.
Maybe a worm?
This is not a worm.
It's not an animal.
This is a fungus. A thread fungus.
The coloration is very strange though.
Necrofungus psilocybelis.
It's not found in our latitudes anymore.
Where did you find it?
- Um…
- There's some old jars in my cellar.
- Very moldy.
Doesn't make sense.
Very uncommon.
Sorry. why?
They normally grow on…
dead bodies.
But if you're really interested in them…
I have someone.
Here. Eliska Novak.
No one knows about exotic fungi and plants
better than Eliska.
Um… thank you.
A fungus that grows on dead bodies.
That's what you swallowed?
"The necrofungus psilocybelis
was used in the Middle Ages
because of its hallucinogenic effects
by shamans and witches."
"They believed it opened the door
to the world of demons. spirits and gods."
"Since the introduction of modern hygiene
and controlled burials
it is considered extinct."
So. they…
are these things like magic mushrooms?
More like "black magic" mushrooms.
Hey. maybe you're just high
and seeing ghosts.
And what if…
- What if this opens like a gateway?
- To another world?
"Expert on eukaryotic organisms
and parachemical processes."
- Do you think we should…
- [Samira] Exam anxiety too?
I didn't expect that from you.
I'm sorry?
Trychozepam.
- My mom gives those to me too.
- Oh.
I don't recommend these pills.
You should avoid these.
Shall we begin studying for biology then?
What do you mean? Like you and me?
- Listen. I don't want you to think…
- Think what exactly?
Lena wrote that text the other day. and…
Okay. um…
So you don't want to study with me?
I do. totally.
Then this afternoon at my place?
Okay.
Hey. Bergmann!
Did you tell my dad about the party?
He went through all my stuff.
No. of course not. He already knew.
I didn't tell him anything.
He didn't find the fun.
but I still got in a lot of trouble.
He sent me to that funky lady.
[exasperated sigh]
Sorry. Samira.
Don't worry. Nobody knows better
how annoying my mother can be.
- Don't bother this girl. you freak.
- Cut the crap. It's embarrassing.
Embarrassing? Who's embarrassing. huh? Me?
Dude. I'm just messing with you.
I think it's so cute that you guys
have a little romance going on.
[Samira] Thanks
for the heroic effort anyway.
My place then.
I'll be there.
[vendor] Hemp seeds are over here.
CBD. legal highs. herbal blends.
bath salts. gummy bears…
We got everything.
Excuse me?
Aren't you potheads?
I've got hash too.
Organic. top quality. all home-grown.
I also fix appliances and machines.
Wicked! If you lick them
you get the trip of your life.
- Hey. don't scare my frogs.
- Are you Eliska Novak?
Do I pass for an Eliska?
Are you making fun of my mother?
No. We just have some questions.
Fifty euros for a consultation.
That's not cheap at all.
It's okay. All right.
It's about. um…
Mom?
Mama!
[in Russian]
Can I help you?
We're here for this. ma'am.
Can I look?
[in Russian]
Come with me.
[snake hisses]
Sit. Sit.
Have you ever touched this?
I swallowed it.
It was in here.
My doctor prescribed them
for me and my sister.
Have you been seeing shadows?
How do you know that?
Look at me.
[gasps]
[both exhale sharply]
[both moan]
[coughs]
[retching]
Are you sick?
Um. my… it's my sister
that I'm worried about.
And has it hurt her yet?
"It"?
Hurt my sister?
[Eliska] Like this.
We must go to her before it's too late.
We have to take it out from her body.
An exorcism? Seriously?
- I'm out.
- Hey. hey.
Hey. You have to do something.
I could really help her.
I don't think you can!
Come on.
Do you really want to miss the show?
I've always wanted to be in an exorcism.
- We might never get another chance to.
- This is not funny.
I'm fed up with all this bullshit.
I get it.
[phone buzzes]
- Oh. shit.
- What?
My grandfather.
Can you drop me off at the hospital?
Yeah. Can I go back in
and buy some weed first?
[she chuckles]
Okay. Mr. Bergmann.
in five minutes. I'll pick you up.
Oh. excuse me.
[grandpa] Finn!
I told you. didn't I…
He wouldn't forget about me.
[Finn] No. of course not.
We'll be here when you wake up.
Why the long faces?
You two know
that I believe in eternal life. remember?
[labored breathing]
See you in a bit.
- Finn?
- Yeah. I'll be right there.
What's going on. Finn?
I know this might sound strange.
But you used to be a priest and…
I mean. in all those years did you ever
experience something similar to…
I don't know. something evil?
Do they really exist?
Are those things real?
The… the demons and stuff?
Oh. yes.
When I was a pastor.
I remember once I saw a young boy
who was very…
sick.
The doctors. they tried everything and…
they ended up looking for a pastor.
You performed an exorcism. Grandpa?
Well.
it was something like that.
I came face to face with it.
I had to confront that being and…
that completely changed it all.
So. Mr. Bergmann. are we ready?
Absolutely.
Finn. it was believed
that certain people were the devil
when their behavior
could not be understood.
In modern medicine.
this is seen as a symptom of
a mental disorder. you understand?
You know. we all have our own demons.
Mine is eating me up right now.
from the inside.
But I think the time has come
to screw that son of a bitch's feast.
I'll see you soon. Finn.
You can count on it.
NO ENTRY - OR
[fuse blows]
[doors open]
[growling]
[indistinct voices]
[machines beep]
- [surgeon] Suction.
- [assistant] Yes.
[assistant] Blood pressure dropping.
[distorted swarming sound]
[surgeon] More.
Hey! Hey!
Help him!
Hey. can't you see that? Hey!
[breathes heavily]
You're not allowed in here.
Please wait outside.
- I know that but I--
- Please.
Yeah.
Fuck.
- Mr. Bergmann?
- Yeah?
Yeah. that's me.
The surgery went well. He's stable at the
moment. Shall we let your parents know?
Uh. yeah. Uh. no. that'd be great.
Thank you.
- Good.
- When can they come?
He won't be responsive
for a couple of hours.
It would be nice to have someone
when he wakes up.
Yeah. okay. Thanks.
[phone buzzes]
LENA: HAVE THE GHOST HUNTERS ARRIVED YET?
[Mr. Bergmann] Wonderful.
I'm sure your mother is very proud of you.
[Samira] Well. medical school
is very important to her.
Hey. Finn. Look who's here.
- Hey.
- Samira.
Fuck. oh. shit.
We were supposed to meet. I'm sorry.
You didn't show up.
so I thought I should come to you.
- We have to go to the hospital.
- Yeah. Well. study hard then.
And how's Sophie?
Better. She's sleeping.
You can go see for yourself.
We'll be back home no earlier than eleven.
That's right.
Okay then…
Samira. you have to go.
I'm so sorry.
I'll tell you everything when it's over…
Standing me up
because you're with your grandpa is okay.
but throwing me out?
- Right now I can't tell you more…
- [knocking]
Really?
I mean. you two?
- I thought you were into women.
- What? No!
I mean. yeah. she is. but…
How did you get in anyway?
Over the wall.
As always.
Perfect timing.
Just in time for the horror show.
[loud knocking]
- [Finn] Shit.
- What kind of horror show?
You'll find out very soon.
[Finn] Hello.
How did you get past the gate?
We have our methods.
[Finn] Uh. this is Eliska
and her son Juri.
Yeah.
What's in here?
Uh. nothing. Just a wall?
- Not good.
- Uh. what's happening?
I'll explain it to you. Come with me.
Finn's parents have
some delicious Sancerre in the fridge.
- I'll have a glass too.
- Okay!
[Finn] You can't go up there.
What are you doing?
That's my sister. Anna.
[Eliska] She's dead.
How do you know that?
I saw her
when I was holding your hand today. Finn.
I feel her.
She wants to protect you. All the time.
[hummed children's tune]
[Finn] Keep it down please.
This poor child.
Her body fights back. It struggles.
We must expel it.
[Lena] I wonder
what he hides under his jumpsuit?
[machine hums]
[girls chuckle]
We're working with EVP.
Electronic Voice Phenomenon.
Photos cost extra.
- Yeah? Are we clear?
- Sorry. Yeah.
This sound wave generator
produces white noise. White noise is…
[shrill sound]
This is white noise.
It is actually quite simple.
White noise.
We ask some questions
and use the laptop to record it.
Then sometimes when we play
the sound back. we can hear their voices.
What kind of voices?
These beings have no such thing as a body.
They modulate the signal of the noise
when we play it back.
- What kind of beings are they?
- Demons?
Spiritual beings.
There are good and bad spirits
in the world.
And they are everywhere.
In houses. in the wild…
Some of them want to protect.
while others want to murder.
Are you really sure
you guys want to go through with this?
Juri says she can help Sophie with this.
And I'm sure it is a super show.
What I am going to do is…
make contact with them.
You will not speak. okay?
Not a word.
Um. if it shows up.
then you should not look at it
under any circumstances.
Hey. Under any circumstances.
she said. Okay?
- Sit down.
- Yeah.
- Where are the pills?
- Hmm? Oh. yeah. right here.
God help us all.
[Eliska breathes deeply]
[white noise from machine]
[Eliska] Now I summon the presence
of the being who haunts this family.
Reveal yourself.
[Juri] Nothing.
[louder white noise]
[Eliska] I am calling you.
Reveal yourself!
[noise ends]
Nothing.
I am calling you.
whoever you are. Reveal yourself!
[snarl]
I think we got something.
[Eliska playback] I'm calling you.
whoever you are. Reveal yourself!
[spirit] Get out! She belongs to me!
What was that? Did you hear that?
[Eliska] Juri! One more time.
[white noise]
[Eliska] I
command you to
reveal yourself!
Tell me what your name is!
[loud growling]
[Lena screams]
[Juri] Mama? Mama.
- Okay. I'm leaving.
- Keep holding hands!
[Juri] Yes. go on holding hands.
[sinister growling]
Don't look at it.
[sinister growling and screeching]
[spirit roars]
[all breathing heavily]
[screaming]
- [Eliska moans]
- [Juri] Mama!
[spirit] You're all going to die!
[light switch. silence]
What the hell is going on here?
- Explain to me what this is.
- [Juri] Mama?
[Mr. Bergmann] I'm talking to you.
- Mama?
- [Mrs. Bergmann] Finn?
Who are these people? Lena?
I…
We have to finish it. Finn.
We have to. We must finish the ritual.
Please get out of my house right now.
We must not leave.
Hey. wait! Wait! What did you mean?
Get the fuck away from my mother!
Look what happened to her.
This is your fault.
Now stay away! Mama!
Come on. get your stuff. Come.
[Samira] Finn? I'll call you later.
- See you.
- I'm coming with you.
No. you're not.
- You've gone too far with this.
- What's going on with you. Finn?
Stop right there.
[thud]
[Sophie moans]
[screeching tires]
Did all that really just happen for real?
I'm not crazy. right?
If you are. then we all are.
Eliska said the ritual wasn't completed.
What if it made that thing
come after us now?
Please tell me we're sticking together.
I'm too scared to stay alone tonight.
[whimpers]
[Mrs. Bergmann] Shush.
I'm too afraid.
He's out there on his own right now.
Guardless.
[whimpers]
I'll call Dr. Steinke.
If she hears from Samira.
she will surely let us know.
Yeah.
[sings Norwegian lullaby
the children were humming]
[singing continues]
Are you scared?
I'm always scared.
What if this is the end?
The last night of our lives?
Lena?
[sinister music]
[footsteps]
Finn? Do you hear that noise?
[door opens]
Finn?
Hey. I was in the bathroom.
Did I wake you?
Finn… Who's holding my hand?
[loud growling]
[Samira screams]
[Finn] What's wrong?
[Samira screams] Oh my God!
It grabbed my arm. It was there!
[screams]
[Lena] What?
- Hey. Samira. It's okay.
- It was there. right next to me!
Your hand.
It's okay.
- We've got to go.
- And go where?
[Finn] To see Eliska.
She has to finish the ritual.
Eliska?
[door is unlocked from within]
- You looking for the Russians?
- Mm.
They've left. In the middle of the night.
as if the devil was chasing them.
And I'm stuck with all these awful bugs.
The line is dead. kid.
Do you by any chance want
to rent a greenhouse or adopt a tarantula?
- [Samira] So weird.
- [Lena] I think we'll miss that fun.
- [mom on voicemail] That was reckless.
- Shit.
They're all totally freaking out.
- My parents talked to your mom.
- What now?
- Breakfast and school.
- School? Are you crazy?
Until we have a plan. we must keep
a low profile and say we're sorry.
- That way they'll leave us alone.
- I guess that makes sense. Let's go.
Trust me. when your mom's a shrink
you end up being an expert in excuses.
Then I need coffee. Lots of coffee.
[coach] Faster. faster.
Pick up the pace. people.
Come on. pick it up.
- Hey. Mom.
- Finn. finally!
Yeah… I'm sorry about yesterday.
It was stupid.
- Yes.
- How's Sophie?
She's asleep.
She's doing much better.
Dr. Steinke says she just needs
to up her medication dosage.
Trychozepam?
Why don't you come home.
and we'll talk about everything.
No. Mom. She's got to stop taking that.
You must warn her.
Please just calm down.
Your father says
that the medication is absolutely safe.
[choking]
- It's a breakthrough in the treatment of--
- Leander?
[choking and retching]
[spits]
- What's wrong? Are you sick. man?
- Finn?
Hello?
[coughing through phone]
[Finn] Do you need me to call someone?
[gasps]
Leander. I'll take you to the nurse. man.
Hey!
Get lost. freak!
- Hey.
Have you seen Leander?
- No. what's going on?
- Something's wrong with him.
It's Leander.
[howling wind]
Finn.
[kids shout and laugh]
[gagging]
Take it out! Take it out of me!
[screaming. thud]
Call an ambulance! Call an ambulance.
for fuck's sake!
Stop filming!
[choking]
[medic] Out of the way. please.
[gurgling]
[medic 2] Please. step aside.
- [medic 1] Get the suction tube.
- [medic 2] He cut a hole in his palate.
Just like Anna.
Let's go with him. Come on.
- Hey. you're not allowed in here. Sorry.
- We're family.
[choking]
What's that in his mouth?
- [Finn] Oh. shit.
- What the hell is that?
[medic 1] He had this in his throat.
[Samira] "Trondthal Medical and Research
ready for launch of psychoactive drug."
"I have nightmares. Is that normal?"
"Anxiety." Jeez.
TRYCHOZEPAM MARKET LAUNCH
8 APRIL 2022. TRONDTHAL CENTER
Hey. Finni.
It's heavy stuff what they say online
about these pills.
But no one says "be careful. an overdose
will open the gates of hell."
Okay. I saw that they're doing
a market launch event today.
I'll go there and learn whatever I can.
Call me when you get this.
[tries to speak]
Backpack.
Look in the folder.
EMERGENCY ROOM
[presenter on mic] Welcome everyone
to Trondthal Medical & Research.
The promise we make
for a more productive society.
for better concentration.
the promise we make
for better social interaction.
[upbeat music]
For an elated life.
Trychozepam!
[clapping and cheering]
Our CEO. Martin Bergmann!
[she cheers]
[Mr. Bergmann] Trychozepam.
with nearly no side-effects. outdistances
any other pill currently available.
[presenter]
Made from purely natural ingredients
in one of the most modern
production facilities in the world.
- [Mr. Bergmann] In which you're standing.
- [applause]
Can I help you. miss?
Could you tell me where to find
the mycologists?
My pleasure. miss.
Down the corridor on the right-hand side.
Thank you.
That disgusting thing in Leander's mouth…
Do you think it came from the pills?
I'm not sure.
Open your mouth for me.
I don't see anything.
[sigh of relief]
Okay. your turn.
Okay.
What is it?
I was dreaming about you talking to me
at school until all this happened.
And now…
And now we check each other
for demonic fungi that grow on corpses?
Yeah.
Leander said we should look at a folder.
[rummaging]
"Two Plus One Adoption Agency"?
[men talking indistinctly]
"Approval of your request
to access files."
ADOPTION FILE LEANDER DE VRIES
BORN 2 JUNE 2004
Leander was adopted.
Is that why he freaked out?
There's nothing wrong with that.
I'm adopted.
TWINS
- Sophie and Finn.
- Shit.
ADOPTION FILE SAMIRA SHIRVANI
TWINS FINN & SOPHIE FREY
[page turning]
"Non-identical twins."
"Iserlohn maternity hospital."
"Biological mother homeless.
anonymous biological father."
"Mr. and Mrs. Bergmann
already have a foster child Anna."
"Best prognosis."
Oh my God. We're all adopted.
Samira?
It says here they are still alive.
My real parents sold me.
- Finn…
- Why would people fake this?
[Mr. Gerber] Where's my son?
Where's my son?
- Out of the way!
- [woman] Are you all right?
[Lena] Fuck.
[gas hissing]
[gags]
Eliska…
[men talking indistinctly]
[researcher 1]
Okay. it reacts with the prototype.
- [researcher 2] Yeah.
- [researcher 1] You see?
- [researcher 1] Did you bring the tube?
- [researcher 2] Yeah.
[clanging]
[researcher 1] Should be easy to tell.
[researchers continue indistinctly]
[panting]
[breathing heavily]
Oh. please. pick up. Please pick up.
Please answer!
[knock on window]
- Ms. Schulzmann?
- Huh?
The badge has to stay here.
I hope our presentation
was to your liking.
Thank you. Very impressive.
[squealing tires]
Mr. Gerber?
There was nothing they could do.
Finn…
Your father and I…
I know he won't forgive me
for saying this. but…
I think there's something you should know.
About what?
Martin and Yvonne
are not your birth parents.
And that's not the end of the story.
Your father was adopted.
As a child. he was
very sick.
Sick?
Your grandfather saved your dad.
This story repeats.
What did my grandfather do back then?
He had…
a bond. you see.
A bond? With whom?
With Trondthal.
They joined forces
to create the Trondthal Group
with all its connections and alliances.
I have to see him.
Wait. Finn!
Finn. you have to understand.
It is something astonishing.
It's going to change the world.
We are the elite.
It's a privilege to be a part of it.
Leander didn't understand.
[machine beeping wildly]
[nurse] Mr. Bergmann. can you hear me?
[doctor] Mr. Bergmann?
- Mr. Bergmann.
- Doctor…
[beeping continues]
[gasps]
[machine flatlines]
I'm sorry. son.
[sinister instrumental version of lullaby]
- [Finn groans]
- [Samira. muffled] Finn.
Finn!
Samira?
Oh. fuck!
Ah. Finn.
Welcome back.
And you brought my Samira back to me.
How thoughtful of you.
Dr. Steinke? But… what…
Shush.
Where are my parents?
Don't worry.
you'll understand everything soon.
Today is finally the day for you.
- What? What's going on?
- Finn.
- What is all this? Samira!
- Finn!
[screams] Finn!
Samira! I…
[screams]
What is all this? What are you doing?
What…
No. Stop. No!
Where are you taking me?
We're almost there.
What… What is all this?
Our true self.
We've had lots of names.
"The fallen angels."
"demons."
"the devil's henchmen."
The truth is…
we have always been here.
[laughs]
But now we're under Trondthal's throne.
mighty and glorious.
[Finn] What the fuck?!
Mom.
[sinister choral music]
What? Mom. Dad. What's going on here?
Don't worry. Finn.
It's been an honor to be with you.
However. you're ready now. You're being
granted with a beautiful task.
The privilege
of surrendering your body to us.
What? What kind of sick shit is this?
- [Sophie] Don't be afraid.
- Why?
Your body will not get hurt.
And we'll take good care of it.
Sophie… Sophie. please let me go.
Please let me go. I beg you.
Sophie!
You know we've raised you
with the utmost care.
nurtured you.
made sure you always had
everything you needed.
Just as we have done with your kind
for countless generations.
Except that our methods have become
a little more elegant.
The pills…
They make the transition
less uncomfortable.
So don't worry. it is only a tiny cut.
You'll be gone really quickly. okay?
And the pain will go away.
You should be very proud. Finn.
You'll be taking in someone very special.
You will certainly be a good home for him.
[hyperventilates]
[Finn] Oh. shit.
No.
No. please don't. Dammit.
No. Mom. please.
Please. Mom. let me go.
Mom. let me go! No!
[Finn strains and grunts]
[groans]
This will feel a little cold.
[Finn groans]
And now it's open.
[whirring]
[doctor] Good. Step back. everyone.
[pads discharge]
[quiet footsteps]
[sinister squelching]
[screams]
[steps come closer]
What happened here? Speak. Samira!
[sinister growling voice]
The transition can begin.
[all hiss throatily]
[loud growling]
[roars]
[action music]
Take this. bitches.
[Finn and Lena scream]
[sinister growling voice]
[noise dies down]
What are you doing?
What the hell is that?
Run!
[screams]
Lena!
Come here.
- [Finn] We have to go!
- [banging on door]
[sinister growling voice]
Fuck.
Finn! Come on!
[gas hisses]
[glass shatters]
Lena. get up!
[both cough and moan]
[engine roars to life. tires squeal]
Hurry! Get in!
[Sophie] Finn!
Finn!
Don't let me die like Anna.
Drive! Go!
- [voice distorts] Finn!
- Let's go!
- [tires squeal]
- [spirit growls]
[Samira] Where are we going?
[sniffs] Somewhere nobody knows us.
Do you think they'll follow us?
They can't risk us
telling anyone about this.
[low growling]
[loose pedal]
What is it?
- The brakes aren't working.
- What?
The brakes aren't working!
Oh. shit!
Don't breathe it in!
[growling and screaming]
[tires squeal]
[all moan]
Samira. get out!
No. no. no! Lena!
- Open!
- No!
I've got her.
Okay. Okay.
[spirit growls and screeches]
[loud thud]
Samira.
[gasps]
Finn.
Are you okay?
You can't imagine
how much I loved that stupid car.
[sighs]
Can we please get out of here?
Shit.
Looks like we really won't be able
to trust anyone from now on.
TRYCHOZEPAM: LIVE WITHOUT FEAR
Could we ever before?
[loud growl]